\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename pp.info
@settitle pp
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Pagers
@direntry
* pp: (pp).                          Page pager
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2015 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top pp -- Page pager
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title pp
@subtitle Page pager
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@page
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{pp}.
* Invoking::                        Invocation of @command{pp}.
* Commands::                        Interacting with @command{pp}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{pp} displays a plain-text file page-by-page.
It assumes that the file includes page breaks. If the
file does not include page breaks the entire file will
be printed to the terminal and the program will exit.
If the file only includes one page, the the entire page
will be printed to the terminal and the program will
exit.

Escape sequences are printed as-is. This means for
example that colour can be used in the file, but if
the colours span over page breaks, you would best
pass it through a preprocessor first that files this.
Or better yet; fix the file.

This is useful when reading books, @sc{RFC}:s, or any
other text file with page breaks, or for simple
presentations that does not have any images.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

@command{pp} optionally takes the name of the file to
display. If the file has been specified, or if @code{-}
is specified, stdin will be display.



@node Commands
@chapter Commands

@command{pp} responds to the following keys:
@table @kbd
@item n
@itemx down
@itemx page down
@itemx right
Display next page.
@item p
@itemx up
@itemx page up
@itemx left
Display previous page.
@item C-l
Redraw the screen.
@item q
Exit.
@end table



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

